to create a scene go in the browser room
and choose a background from the image
browser Luke there's a see bad picture I
want to throw a little fish and make him
swim in the water first of all I have to
go in the drawing room
select the cbut picture and repeat it
along the scene now I can select the
second column and make the cbut
disappear to better see what I'm drawing
but how can I do it oh now I remember I
have to click on the top of the column
and drag it up now I select the brush
and draw a fish
well done with the paint bucket it is
very easy to color it
actually I like it
but I would like it to move all right
then I selected the fish drawing in the
composer and press the duplicate button
I activate the onion skin by clicking
this little button on the left so I can
see the difference between the two
drawings now I take this great tool I
really love the pincher and we did I
change the fin position
to make the animation going on for the
whole scene I select the two drawings
and drag the top down to repeat them
along the column take care the
background column two needs to be
extended now I click the fish first
drawing and using the movement pad I
position it on the bottom left of the
screen
then I select the last drawing and place
the fish on the other side I just have
to click the play button to check my
animation
I like it that's why I'm saving the
scene and exporting it I can do it in
the browser room
oh but I forgot the music let me see in
the sound library if there's something
for me here it is a water sound I load
it and then I click on the TV icon to
make my QuickTime movie just a few
seconds for the process and it's done